Document conditions for popup-opening by window.open, and BarProp values (#10339)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/open/index.md

- `windowFeatures` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A {{domxref("DOMString")}} containing a comma-separated list of window features

>     given with their corresponding values in the form "name=value", or "name" for boolean feature. These
>     features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
>     not to open a minimal-popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
>     below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    given with their corresponding values in the form "name=value", or "name" for boolean features. These
    features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
    not to open a minimal-popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
    below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.
```

>     given with their corresponding values in the form "name=value", or "name" for boolean features. These
>     features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
>     not to open a minimal-popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
>     below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    given with their corresponding values in the form _name=value_ — or for boolean features, just _name_. These
    features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
    not to open a minimal-popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
    below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.
```

>     given with their corresponding values in the form _name=value_ — or for boolean features, just _name_. These
>     features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
>     not to open a minimal-popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
>     below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    given with their corresponding values in the form _name=value_ — or for boolean features, just _name_. These
    features include options such as the window's default size and position, whether or
    not to open a minimal popup window, and so forth. See {{anch("Window features")}}
    below for documentation of each of the features that can be specified.
```

an empty string), then the new secondary window will render the default toolbars of the
main window.

### Popup feature

> `windowFeatures` can be used to explicitly request the browser to use a popup window,
> that has minimal UI parts, for the new secondary window.
> 
> Whether or not to use a popup window affects {{domxref("BarProp.visible")}} value.
> 
> > **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure not to use a popup window.  Also, some
> > browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.
> 
> The feature can be set to `yes` or `1`, or just be present to be on. Set them to
> `no` or `0`, or in most cases just omit them, to be off.
> 
> Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` have identical results.
> 
> - `popup`
> 
>   - : If this feature is present and on, it requests the browser to use a minimal pop-up
>       window for the new secondary window.
>       If this feature is present and off, it requests the browser not to use minimal
>       pop-up window for the secondary window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`windowFeatures` can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.

Whether or not to use a popup window affects the {{domxref("BarProp.visible")}} value.

> **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure the browser to not to use a popup window.  Also, some
> browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.

To enable the feature, specify `popup` either with no value at all, or else set it to `yes` or `1`.

Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` have identical results.

To disable the feature, ether don’t specify it all all (omit it), or else set it to `no` or `0`.

- `popup`

  - : If this feature is present and enabled, it requests that the browser use a minimal pop-up
      window for the new secondary window.
      If this feature is not present, or is present and disabled, it requests that the browser not use a minimal
      pop-up window for the secondary window.
```

an empty string), then the new secondary window will render the default toolbars of the
main window.

### Popup feature

`windowFeatures` can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.

Whether or not to use a popup window affects the {{domxref("BarProp.visible")}} value.

> **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure the browser to not to use a popup window.  Also, some
> browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.

To enable the feature, specify `popup` either with no value at all, or else set it to `yes` or `1`.

Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` have identical results.

To disable the feature, ether don’t specify it all all (omit it), or else set it to `no` or `0`.

- `popup`

  - : If this feature is present and enabled, it requests that the browser use a minimal pop-up
      window for the new secondary window.
      If this feature is not present, or is present and disabled, it requests that the browser not use a minimal
      pop-up window for the secondary window.

### Position and size features

> `windowFeatures` parameter can specify the position and size of the new secondary window.
> If any of them are given, and the `popup` feature is not given, it requests the browser
> to use a minimal pop-up window for the secondary window.
> 
> > **Note:** In some browsers, users can override the behavior. Also this has no effect on
> > the mobile browsers without the concept of windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _windowFeatures_ parameter can specify the position and size of the new secondary window,
by specifying feature names either using _name=value_ pairs, or for boolean features, using just a _name_.
If any feature names are given, and the `popup` feature name is not given, it requests that the browser
use a minimal pop-up window for the secondary window.

> **Note:** In some browsers, users can override this behavior. Also this also has no effect in
> mobile browsers, which lack the concept of windows.
```

an empty string), then the new secondary window will render the default toolbars of the
main window.

### Popup feature

> `windowFeatures` can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
> with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _windowFeatures_ features parameter can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.
```

Whether or not to use a popup window affects the {{domxref("BarProp.visible")}} value.

> > **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure the browser to not to use a popup window.  Also, some
> > browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure the browser to not to use a popup window. Also, some
> browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.
```

To enable the feature, specify `popup` either with no value at all, or else set it to `yes` or `1`.

Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` have identical results.

> To disable the feature, ether don’t specify it all all (omit it), or else set it to `no` or `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise:

* To not request a popup, omit the _windowFeatures_ parameter.
* Otherwise:
   * Specifying any features other than `noopener` or `noreferer` has the effect of also requesting a popup.
   * Otherwise, no popup is requested.
```

- `popup`

  - : If this feature is present and enabled, it requests that the browser use a minimal pop-up
      window for the new secondary window.
      If this feature is not present, or is present and disabled, it requests that the browser not use a minimal
      pop-up window for the secondary window.

### Position and size features

The _windowFeatures_ parameter can specify the position and size of the new secondary window,
by specifying feature names either using _name=value_ pairs, or for boolean features, using just a _name_.
If any feature names are given, and the `popup` feature name is not given, it requests that the browser
use a minimal pop-up window for the secondary window.

> > **Note:** In some browsers, users can override this behavior. Also this also has no effect in
> > mobile browsers, which lack the concept of windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In some browsers, users can override this behavior. Also, it has no effect in
> mobile browsers, which lack the concept of windows.
```

an empty string), then the new secondary window will render the default toolbars of the
main window.

### Popup feature

> The _windowFeatures_ features parameter can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _windowFeatures_ parameter can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
```

> The _windowFeatures_ parameter can be used to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
> with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the _windowFeatures_ parameter to explicitly request that the browser use a popup window
with minimal UI parts for the new secondary window.
```

Whether or not to use a popup window affects the {{domxref("BarProp.visible")}} value.

> **Note:** In some browsers, users can configure the browser to not to use a popup window. Also, some
> browsers, such as mobile browsers, don't have the concept of windows.

> To enable the feature, specify `popup` either with no value at all, or else set it to `yes` or `1`.
> 
> Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` have identical results.
> 
> Otherwise:
> 
> * To not request a popup, omit the _windowFeatures_ parameter.
> * Otherwise:
>    * Specifying any features other than `noopener` or `noreferer` has the effect of also requesting a popup.
>    * Otherwise, no popup is requested.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `popup`

  - : If this feature is present and enabled, it requests that the browser use a minimal pop-up
      window for the new secondary window.
      If this feature is not present, or is present and disabled, it requests that the browser not use a minimal
      pop-up window for the secondary window.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To enable the feature, specify `popup` either with no value at all, or else set it to `yes` or `1`.

Example: `popup=yes`, `popup=1`, and `popup` all have identical results.

Otherwise:

* To not request a popup, omit the _windowFeatures_ parameter.
* Otherwise:
   * Specifying any features in the _windowFeatures_ parameter other than `noopener` or `noreferer` has the effect of also requesting a popup.
   * Otherwise, no popup is requested.

```

### Position and size features

> The _windowFeatures_ parameter can specify the position and size of the new secondary window,
> by specifying feature names either using _name=value_ pairs, or for boolean features, using just a _name_.
> If any feature names are given, and the `popup` feature name is not given, it requests that the browser
> use a minimal pop-up window for the secondary window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the _windowFeatures_ parameter to control the position and size of the new secondary window,
by specifying feature names either using _name=value_ pairs, or for boolean features, using just a _name_.
If any feature names are given, and the `popup` feature name is not given, it requests that the browser
use a minimal pop-up window for the secondary window.
```

features are defined, then the new window dimensions will be the same as the dimensions
of the most recently rendered window.

### Toolbar and UI parts features

> **Warning:** These features are kept only for backward compatibility.
> In modern browsers (Firefox 76 or newer, Google Chrome, Safari, Chromium Edge), the

> > following features are just a condition for whether to open popup or not. See [popup condition](#popup_condition) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> following features are just a condition for whether to open popup or not. See the [popup condition](#popup_condition) section.
```

> > following features are just a condition for whether to open popup or not. See the [popup condition](#popup_condition) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> following features are just a condition for whether to open a popup or not. See the [popup condition](#popup_condition) section.
```

> The following features control the visibility of each UI parts, these features can also
> be set to `yes` or `1`, or just be present to be on. Set them to `no` or `0`, or in most
> cases just omit them, to be off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following features control the visibility of each UI part.
To enable them, either specify them with no value at all, or else set them to `yes` or `1`.
To disable them, either omit them, or else set them to `no` or `0`.
```

whether opening a popup or a new tab, or a new window, and UI parts visibility of each
of them is fixed.

> The detailed condition is described in ["To check if a popup window is requested"](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#popup-window-is-requested) section in the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The detailed condition is described in detail in the ["To check if a popup window is requested"](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/window-object.html#popup-window-is-requested) section in the spec.
```
